Add `name.abbreviated` devPreview app manifest property (#11814)
MicrosoftDocs/msteams-docs: msteams-platform/whats-new.md

Developer preview is a public program that provides early access to unreleased Teams platform features.

**2024 November**

> * ***November 18, 2024***: [Introduced optional `abbreviated` property for app display name on the app bar.](m365-apps/specify-runtime-requirements.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ***November 18, 2024***: [Introduced optional `abbreviated` property for app display name on the app bar.](./resources/schema/manifest-schema-dev-preview.md#name)
```
